Make the attention mask a mandatory argument of models (#281)
explosion/curated-transformers: docs/source/deployment.rst

   import torch
   import torch.jit
   from curated_transformers.layers import AttentionMask
   from curated_transformers.models import AutoDecoder

   device = torch.device("cuda", index=0)
   decoder = AutoDecoder.from_hf_hub(name="tiiuae/falcon-7b", device=device)
   X_example = torch.zeros(4, 20, dtype=torch.long, device=device)
   mask_example = AttentionMask(torch.ones((4, 20), dtype=torch.bool, device=device))
   traced = torch.jit.trace(decoder, (X_example, mask_example))

> As you can see, we are feeding the model with an all-zeros piece identifier and
> all-ones mask tensors during tracing. This is not really an issue, as long as
> the inputs allows the model to run normally, tracing can do its work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, we are feeding the model with an all-zeros piece identifier tensor and
an all-ones mask tensor during tracing. This is not really an issue - as long as
the inputs allow the model to run normally, tracing can do its work.
```
